Privacy Policy for Lucky or Genius

Effective Date: January 29, 2024

1. Introduction
Welcome to Lucky or Genius. We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy policy will inform you about how we look after your personal data when you visit our website or use our service and tell you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.

2. Data We Collect
We may collect, use, store, and transfer different kinds of personal data about you, which we have grouped together as follows:

    Identity Data: includes first name, last name, username, or similar identifier.
    Contact Data: includes email address and telephone numbers.
    Technical Data: includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system, and platform.
    Usage Data: includes information about how you use our website, products, and services.
    Marketing and Communications Data: includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.

3. How is Your Personal Data Collected?
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:

    Direct interactions. You may give us your Identity, Contact, and Financial Data by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email, or otherwise.
    Automated technologies or interactions. As you interact with our website, we may automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns.

4. How We Use Your Personal Data
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:

    To register you as a new customer.
    To process and deliver your service including managing payments and collecting money owed to us.
    To manage our relationship with you.
    To enable you to partake in a prize draw, competition, or complete a survey.
    To administer and protect our business and this website.
    To deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you.

5. Data Security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used, or accessed in an unauthorized way, altered, or disclosed.

6. Data Retention
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.

7. Your Legal Rights
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data, including the right to request access, correction, erasure, restriction, transfer, to object to processing, to portability of data, and (where the lawful ground of processing is consent) to withdraw consent.

8. Contact Us
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our privacy practices, please contact us at alek@luckyorgenius.com